# Welcome to Catherine Gong's Mini Data-Analysis Repository!

This repository currently houses the _Mini Data-Analysis: Milestone 1_ assignment for the graduate course **STAT 545A** at the University of British Columbia. The purpose of this assignment is to explore various datasets, to create research questions, and to learn how to use dplyr to manipulate and summarize data. For Milestone 1,  I chose four different datasets to explore. Following this, I chose one of these datasets and created a research question about it. I then conducted four exercises to dive deeper into my data and came up with four additional research questions.

In this repository, you can find this README.md file, which will introduce you to everything that is within the repository. Additionally, the Mini Data-Analysis: Milestone 1 assignment can also be found as both a _.Rmd_ and a _.md_ file. The .Rmd file is the original R Markdown file which houses the code of this assignment, while the .md file is the knitted document which you may find easier to read as it has more formatting. Feel free to download the .Rmd file to run the code yourself. Just remember to run it in order, as some of the code is reliant on previous code.

As of Oct 29, 2023, this repository also houses the _Mini Data-Analysis: Milestone 2 assignment for **STAT 545A**. This assignment involved learning how to make summary tables and graphs, manipulating data in R, fitting models to data, and reading/writing data to files. As before, remember to run the code in order.
